Update post installation document for fluent-package (#463)
fluent/fluentd-docs-gitbook: installation/post-installation-guide.md

# Post Installation Guide

This article discusses the post-installation steps for new Fluentd users assuming that Fluentd has been installed using the `fluent-package`, `td-agent` and `calyptia-fluentd` package.

## System Administration

### For `fluent-package`

#### Configuration File

After successful installation, a `fluent-package` instance will be up and running with a predefined template configuration file.

The default path for this configuration file is:

```text
/etc/fluent/fluentd.conf
```

You may edit this configuration file according to your own use case.

After editing the configuration file, restart `fluentd` using `systemctl` command:

```text
$ sudo systemctl restart fluentd
```

#### Logging

> By default, `td-agent` writes its operation logs to the following file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Fluentd writes its operation logs to the following file:
```

Fluentd manages plugins as Ruby gems but stores them in their dedicated directory separated from the normal Ruby gems.

#### `fluent-package`

A special program `fluent-gem` is used to manage plugin gems. For example, the following command installs a plugin to connect to S3 \(including both `in_s3` and `out_s3` plugins\):

```text

>  $ sudo /usr/sbin/fluent-gem install fluent-plugin-s3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 $ sudo fluent-gem install fluent-plugin-s3
```

Would a full path be better?
I know the existing other descriptions use the full path. 
If unifying them would be better, that's fine.
